"Skill does not always draw from the Force, but it is a measure of power nonetheless. It can grant knowledge, help steady oneself when one's thoughts are in chaos, or grant enlightenment."
"It is all that is left unsaid upon which tragedies are built."
"The Jedi do not believe in killing their prisoners...What greater weapon is there than to turn an enemy to your cause? To use their own knowledge against them?"
"Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it, or so they say."
"If you find me overly critical, perhaps it is because you do not fully understand what is at stake."
"This wound, it is a physical thing, and will fade with time. It was necessary some things may only be learned from sacrifice."
"It is only through interaction, through decision and choice, through confrontation, physical or mental, that the Force can grow within you."
"There is no shame in falling, There is only shame if you refuse to rise once again."
"Better a few faithful supporters than a wealth of false friends."
"A Jedi whose lightsaber is guided by the Force need not fear the outcome of any battle."
"Be mindful of the living Force, my young Padawan."
"The ability to speak does not make you intelligent."
"There's always a bigger fish."
"Training to become a Jedi is not an easy challenge, and even if you succeed, it's a hard life."
"Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering."
"That's impossible. You can't kill a Jedi."
"A Jedi should have no possessions. Not even an identity. I gave mine up to show humility before the Force."
"We are the Jedi, the ultimate power in the universe. We will do as we choose. And we will destroy any who dare stand in our way."
"Patience, use the Force, think."
"Truly wonderful, the mind of a child is."
"This weapon is your life."
"We are keepers of the peace, not soldiers."
"My only weapon is the Force!"
"If in anger you answer, then in shame you dwell."
"To walk the path of the Jedi, one's spirit must be strong. That requires discipline."
"Dark or light is not a feeling, but a choice."
"I've been almost killed several times. I'm not dead. I hold no ill will to any who did try to kill me."
"Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose."
"In a dark place we find ourselves… a little more knowledge might light our way."
"You were the Chosen One! You were supposed to desroy the Sith, not join them! Bring balance to the Force, not leave it in darkness..."
"Whatever our fate, let us meet it as Jedi."
"For over a thousand generations the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic. Before the dark times. Before the Empire."
"You can't win Darth. If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine."
"The Force will be with you. Always."
"You can't win, but there are alternatives to fighting."
"Wars not make one great."
"I find your lack of sources disturbing."
"Bad luck creeps in through the hatch you leave open."
"No lesson is truly learned until it has been purchased with pain."
"That was the trouble with powerful men, especially younger ones. Awed by their own strength, they so often believed strength was the answer to every problem."
"Trust is always an act of faith."
"A correction added to one.s store of knowledge. It was a thing to be grateful for, not something to take offense at."
"Perception usually overrides facts."
"When you have a hurt, you do not wait for it to heal. You set out to heal it."
"Mistakes are always easy to see in retrospect."
"The truth is always greater than the words we use to describe it."
"Being observant means thinking about what you see."
"No Jedi would be a true devotee who didn.t question the system, along with everything else."
"The greatest harm lies in doing nothing."
"'Never' means the right opportunity has not yet arisen."
"Curiosity is the sign of intelligence."
"There's nothing wrong with feeling and acknowledging sorrow and pain. The crime is letting them hold you prisoner."
"Opportunity rarely comes without risk."
"Pride is pretty sneaky, it disguises it­self pretty well."
"When are cowardz not threatened by the brave."
"Cuteness should be preserved."
"Potential that goes unrealized is potential that might as well not exist in the first place."
"Knowledge was like that - once it was ushered into the light, putting it back into the shadows was difficult, if not impossible."
"Doing the right thing isnt something special. Its the minimum. Its where we start each morning, not where we try to end up one day in the future."
"True mastery of a skill was only the beginning step to understanding it."
"Visions can lead us astray as well as guide us."
"Easy it becomes to be false in big things, if false you are in small ones."
"Better than training, the Force is. More than experience or speed it gives."
"When all choices seem wrong, choose restraint."
"If no mistake have you made, yet losing you are. A different game you should play."
"Concentrate on what I know is true while I wait for the mud to settle and the water to become clear."
"Cling to the past, a Jedi cannot."
"Frivolous, speculation is, when patience will reveal all."
"Never step in the same river twice can you. Each time the river hurries on. Each time he that steps has changed."
"Humility endless is."
"Even the blind seed grows to the light."
"When you look at the dark side, careful you must be ... for the dark side looks back."
"The dark side. Always it speaks to us, from our pain. Our grief. It connects our pain to all pain, our hurt to all hurt."
"Many eyes see what one alone cannot."
"Don't waste time worrying about what should be. Worry about what is."
"Attachment is forbidden, Possession is forbidden. Compassion, which I would define as unconditional love, is central to a Jedi.s life."
"Sometimes we have to let go of our pride and do what is requested of us."
"The Jedi teach that anticipation is distraction."
"Feelings don.t come with .right. or .wrong. labels, .You feel how you feel. You are only responsible for how you act."
"Caution is admirable, but do not let it be a barrier to a greater truth."
"To willfully ignore (a threat) so that you may pursue your own glory is the height of irresponsibility."
"Urgency without panic, action without thoughtlessness."
"There is a difference between finding trouble in your path and going out of your way searching for it."
"Once the dark side has you, it doesn.t let go."
"The more you sweat in training, the less you bleed in combat."
"Truth is never treason."
"Those who place profit above freedom generally end with neither."
"Anger is not the answer. Attack is not the answer, and retribution most cer­tainly is not. We are Jedi. We defend, we support."
"The dark side is seductive for those who want too much too fast."
"If you are to avoid the lures of the dark side, you must be constantly vigilant."
"Despair is an illusion that the dark casts before our eyes."
"Wishing that things were otherwise does nothing to erase memories. Wounds do not heal by ignoring them."
"In the absence of communications, ferment breeds."
"No war is won purely by strength."
"The stronger you become, the more you.re tempted."
"It.s the dark side that calls constantly for aggression and revenge."
"It was never too late to correct a mistake."
"Impatience is handmaiden to despair."
"Remember that absolutely key to the Jedi philosophy is a respect for all life."
"No! No different. Only different in your mind. You must unlearn what you have learned."
"Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you?"
"Always in motion the future is."
"Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose."
"Arrogance diminishes wisdom."
